A Nigerian boy solves a 30-year math equation, is recognized by a Japanese university.
Monsanto will close three of its facilities. We are making a difference!
Rosa Parks has been honored with a reserved front seat on Texas buses.
This little boy giving his sister bone marrow, even though he believed it would kill him.
A city letting people pay parking fines with canned goods for the hungry.
The 18-year old grandson taking his grandma to prom, and other feel-goods.
The janitor and cook who turned from workers to volunteers of a center after it closed, to take care of the elderly.
Swipe right for peace-a dating app for conflict resolution.
The movie, Human proving the beauty of diversity, and inspiring this article.
A man with an intestinal tumor offering unconditional love through Craigslist ads, and sparking a chain of love.
A psychic daughter confiding in her mum, "I've had a lot of mums but you are the best by far."
One patient recounting: "My doctor ordered a $6,000 treatment machine, to accelerate my healing. The cost for me to use this machine for the next month? Zero.
The white woman standing her ground, defending an elderly black man.
This morality Christmas ad with the joyful twist, which will make your eyelids sweaty.
A landlord's heartwarming Christmas present.
Nineteen of the very best uplifting photos of the day.
San Francisco's mobile shower truck for the homeless.
Ex-Bengal, Devon Still, whose social media posts about his daughter's stage-four neuroblastoma cancer went viral, announcing his baby girl's remission.
This MN refugee center fielding 4-5 times the needed amount of people to help.
WWGSA and these moving words from transplanted international students discovering the love for their American host families: "I love it here you are all so nice to me." "You are the best American Mom & Dad I could ever ask for." "I love my sister I'm so happy to have had this opportunity."
The church that tipped a pizza guy who is in recovery $700. Warning, the tears will flow.
The reaction of a dog rescued by a firefighter. in the words, of GMP Lead Editor, Shawn Henfling, "Dogs are my favorite people."
A woman with rare, autoimmune disease, transverse myelitis, gets her bathroom redone so it is wheelchair accessible, all services and materials are donated by a local contractor company.
The worst flood in India in 100 years brings Twitter to the rescue.
Washington High School students afforded discretion as their food and hygiene needs are met.
One man's drastic 400 pound weight loss spurred on by supportive gym pals.
This dedication to eradicating a killer disease.
An inspiring couple recreating their wedding photo 70 years later.
A man fulfilling a young girl's wish for a new toy from Santa, described in a letter that literally dropped from the sky.
A secret decoration mission that helped this widow rediscover her holiday spirit.
